you need to say that
sitting up in the hush nigga been
getting money but I wasn't putting back
so I went gaining from this shitty way
to real 15 helping to pay the bill and
this thing my house nigga this just
where I live my god I have it
I went in copper package wait a flippin
two LifeLock that's when I heard the
sound had the taker lost my dog get the
double cross my bitch ain't never
satisfy backups warm up three years
later the end they chest again fresh
shot just peeing with no pen pals or
friends no letters no next to keep it I
like seeing what some niggas crackle mix
the kids that's why I be flexing nobody
gave me six get to him daily
I swear to god that's all my dick if I'm
lying you can fuck my bitch here I'll be
jumping y'all so it ain't shit I pissed
on me
and a fuck nigga don't leave me shit
shit face watch me make it just us get
on and get out this shit don't feel bad
you won't be the first nigga who ain't
had a break fans I'll make you rich but
like we better get that shit fuck me rap
niggas broke-ass niggas make these sick
my age it's Twitter my buddy behind the
fence and all you do is wrap up by the
inside that boys shit don't press one
for my nigga city behind that fit and
nifty crackers got me now be hoping for
the same shit shit motivation watch me
motivate them not only awesome it you
need to say that people fucked up or so
make it by yourself nigga be space
the reason the reason